galley
I'll just show you is to put you in
ground here in the car
xenon let's try to focus here from 55
Watts
he is a little stronger here is 35
which is the traditional one and the reactor it is
relatively small
I understand aliexpress pay $ 22
$ 20 almost and see the kit one program
What is this mine here in politics is going
install xenon it was necessary to cut the
cap that makes the fence a saw
Cup
finishes well and is sealed with
this rubber band here to enter lamp
I'm not going to show the installation, I'm just
I'll show the difference from one to the
other
this kit is the 4,300 car
good if you focus on 4,300 car she stays
Much like those cars.
originals from the factory
can not you see the difference?
but it looks very beautiful
here is a led and the normal headlamp even the
gun
You really can not see much difference.
from one to another by the film but gives
to note that he is much stronger
I got hurt and I really was
pretty
it gets tone it's hard to say
white and is pulled by a fine red
soft is the same as those cars that already
comes with factory floor with 4,300 car
It can not show much difference.
why not messing with the footage does not seem
but that's it
any doubt ask on the channel thanks